css_dashboard_view,css_dashboard_view,css_admin,Dashboard
css_content_upload,css_content_upload,css_admin,Content Content upload
css_moderate_corporate_content,css_moderate_corporate_content,css_admin,Content Moderate corporate contents
css_moderate_provider_content,css_moderate_provider_content,css_admin,Content Moderate content provider contents
css_moderate_user_content,css_moderate_user_content,css_admin,Content Moderate user contents
css_view_corporate_content,css_view_corporate_content,css_admin,Content View corporate contents
css_view_provider_content,css_view_provider_content,css_admin,Content View content provider contents
css_view_own_provider_content,css_view_own_provider_content,css_admin,Content View own content provider contents
css_view_user_content,css_view_user_content,css_admin,Content View user contents
css_category_create,css_category_create,css_admin,Content Create content category
css_category_view,css_category_view,css_admin,Content View content category
css_album_create,css_album_create,css_admin,Content Create content albums
css_album_view,css_album_view,css_admin,Content View content albums
css_content_categorize,css_content_categorize,css_admin,Content Categorize content
css_content_categorize_view,css_content_categorize_view,css_admin,Content Categorize content view
css_access_profile_create,css_access_profile_create,css_admin,Service Create service access profile
css_access_profile_view,css_access_profile_view,css_admin,Service View service access profile list
css_charging_scheme_create,css_charging_scheme_create,css_admin,Service Create charging scheme
css_charging_scheme_view,css_charging_scheme_view,css_admin,Service View charging scheme
css_manage_partial_ad_css,css_manage_partial_ad_css,css_admin,Service Manage partial ad css
css_manage_full_ad_css,css_manage_full_ad_css,css_admin,Service Manage full ad css
css_manage_reverse_css,css_manage_reverse_css,css_admin,Service Manage reverse css
css_manage_country_base_css,css_manage_country_base_css,css_admin,Service Manage country based css
css_user_provision_create,css_user_provision_create,css_admin,css Users Create css users
css_user_provision_view,css_user_provision_view,css_admin,css Users View css users
css_manage_css,css_manage_css,css_admin,css Users Manage css
css_create_corporates,css_create_corporates,css_admin,Corporate Create corporate
css_view_corporates,css_view_corporates,css_admin,Corporate View Corporate list
css_corp_emp_list_create,css_corp_emp_list_create,css_admin,Corporate Create employee list in any corporate
css_corp_emp_list_create_self_only,css_corp_emp_list_create_self_only,css_admin,Corporate Create employee list in own corporate only
css_corp_emp_list_view,css_corp_emp_list_view,css_admin,Corporate View corporate list in any corporate
css_corp_emp_list_view_self_only,css_corp_emp_list_view_self_only,css_admin,Corporate View corporate list in own corporate only
css_corp_content_upload,css_corp_content_upload,css_admin,Corporate Upload content in any corporate
css_corp_content_upload_self_only,css_corp_content_upload_self_only,css_admin,Corporate Upload content in own corporate only
css_corp_content_view,css_corp_content_view,css_admin,Corporate View content list in any corporate
css_corp_content_view_self_only,css_corp_content_view_self_only,css_admin,Corporate View content list in own corporate only
css_corp_set_content,css_corp_set_content,css_admin,Corporate Set css in any corporate
css_corp_set_content_self_only,css_corp_set_content_self_only,css_admin,Corporate Set css in own corporate only
css_corp_set_content_view,css_corp_set_content_view,css_admin,Corporate Set css view in any corporate
css_corp_set_content_view_self_only,css_corp_set_content_view_self_only,css_admin,Corporate Set css view in own corporate only
css_service_access_config,css_service_access_config,css_admin,Config Service access profile configurations
css_default_sys_tone,css_default_sys_tone,css_admin,Config Set system default tone
css_charging_config,css_charging_config,css_admin,Config Charging scheme configurations
css_other_sys_config,css_other_sys_config,css_admin,Config Other system configurations
css_manage_blacklist,css_manage_blacklist,css_admin,Config Manage blacklist
css_manage_notifications,css_manage_notifications,css_admin,Config Manage notifications
css_banner_create,css_banner_create,css_admin,Banner Create
css_banner_view,css_banner_view,css_admin,Banner Manage
css_content_download_report,css_content_download_report,css_admin,Report Content download report
css_content_download_summary_report,css_content_download_summary_report,css_admin,Report Content download summary report
css_content_download_type_summary_report,css_content_download_type_summary_report,css_admin,Report Content download type summary report
css_album_download_report,css_album_download_report,css_admin,Report Album download report
css_album_download_summary_report,css_album_download_summary_report,css_admin,Report Album download summary report
css_subscriber_base_report,css_subscriber_base_report,css_admin,Report Subscriber base report
css_content_usage_report,css_content_usage_report,css_admin,Report Content usage report
css_top_content_report,css_top_content_report,css_admin,Report Top content report
css_top_album_report,css_top_album_report,css_admin,Report Top album report
css_top_ten_report,css_top_ten_report,css_admin,Report Top ten report 
css_admin_activity_logs,css_admin_activity_logs,css_admin,Logs Admin activity log search
css_cdr_search,css_cdr_search,css_admin,CDR Search
css_logs,css_logs,css_admin,Logs css log search
css_content_auto_approval,css_content_auto_approval,css_admin,Content Content auto approve on
css_corporate_content_auto_approval,css_corporate_content_auto_approval,css_admin,Content Corporate content auto approve on
